everyone is chasing the elusive tech on
the Harley twin-cam motor there changing
out lifters changing cams adjusting push
rods and still not getting rid of the
annoying tick here's the problem
everyone is looking for when Harley
designed the rocker arm support plate
they left the gap between the bolt and
the rocker arm shaft this bolt was
supposed to lock the shaft but instead
it allows it to rock back and forth as
the rocker arm rotates the shaft rotates
with it hitting the bolt this is where
the annoying tick is coming from a lot
of times you can see witness marks on
the bolts
true you're also getting a tick from in
play but this is not as bad as the shaft
tick the rocker Locker bushings go
between the bolt and the shaft they are
tapered one end is larger than the other
so it'll only go in one way
you put the bolt inside the rockers you
line the shaft and you simply tap it in
place this locks the shaft from rotation
and it also locks a shaft from the back
and forth motion you can see that the
rocker lockers are up just a little bit
now you can go ahead and tap that down
or you can use the bolt to pull it in
once as you're installing it that'll the
bolt will pull that rocker Locker all
the way in you can also use the clamp on
it simply put the clamp on Center it in
your clamp and just simply pull it the
rest away down in and you can see how
that's been seated there and your bolt
goes right inside and you can see that
it's eliminated any play in that bolt
it's also locked your rocker arm shaft
so that it does not rotate anymore it's
as tight as it can be another advantage
of the rocker lockers is that it always
positions the rocker arm support plate
in the same position every time you can
see without the rocker lockers in that
every time you install the rocker arm
assembly it can be in a different
position this can miss align the valves
it also can put the push rods in a
different position every time so it
allows the push rods to rub against the
tubes
when you use the rocker lockers it
centers everything so that every time
it's aligned the way that Harley
designed it